= Bespin Editor Extension

Bespin is an embeddable source code editor from Mozilla that provides robust syntax highlighting, indentation support, and other features.

The Bespin Editor Extension replaces all textareas in Radiant with the Bespin editor. Note that Bespin only works in Web browsers that support the HTML canvas tag (Safari, Firefox, and Opera).

<b>Please Note:</b> The Bespin Editor Extension requires Radiant 0.9 or higher.

== Installation

To install the Bespin Editor Extension, open a command prompt, change directories to the root of your Radiant project, and execute the following commands:

  script/extension install bespin_editor

Or, use the more manual method:

  git clone git://github.com/jlong/radiant-bespin-editor-extension.git vendor/extensions/bespin_editor
  rake radiant:extensions:bespin_editor:update

== Development and Support

http://github.com/jlong/radiant-bespin-editor-extension

== License

The Bespin editor extension is released under the following license:

  Copyright (c) 2009, John W. Long.
  
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to 
  deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
  rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or 
  sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in 
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS 
  IN THE SOFTWARE.

Code for the Bespin editor is released on its own terms from Mozilla.
